Min requirements:
	

	Frame/chassis
		
		The vehicle will likely need a stable chassis which provides a flat platform above the mower base to keep everything clear of 			it. This frame will need to be strong enough to support the weight of the cargo and motors, and also withstand the torque 			stress on the motors.

		Decision made to go with 25mm steel - we've got a request in for an order of 12m of this, and hopefully an opporunity to go 			down there work on it

	Drive motors
		
		Currently the design calls for 2x electric motors with chain drives to the rear wheels. We would steer by reversing one motor 			and spinning on the rear axle, or by varying the speed while travelling forward. The front wheels will be castors and simply 			spin and rotate freely.
		Looking like these will cost us £60 if we go with Razor e300 electric scooter motors. 

	Motor controller

		Currently the thinking is that we will use a self built 2 motor H bridge - H bridges have the advantages of eing able to 			drive the motor in both directions, freewheel, or brake the motor if necessary.

	Mower Base
	
		Do we leave rotor blade intact?
	
	Alternator
	
		Technically optional, should we be considering this a minimum requirement due to the inconvenience of charging the vehicle up 			by other means. Is it possible to use an electric motor for this, and alternatively use it to start the engine..?


Features and ideas

Hardware:

Due to the complexity of the motor driver, it is likely that a PCB will be necessary to prevent insanity. Although this does increase the cost, I don't beleive there is any really viable way around it - the motor drivers are surface mount ICs, and they have complex signal paths. 
Currently the plan is to have a low current PCB, and to solder wires onto the lower section following the traces for heavier current sections. Any ideas on this that are brighter than mine would be welcome.

While we're at it, we should get any aditional ideas forward onto this PCB before it gets produced, even if they're only afterthoughts - the board will cost the same no matter how much we cram onto it, might aswell make it worth while, and unused components can be easily shorted out.

Modules!
	Mule: A simple wheelbarrow like attachment mounted on top of the main deck for transporting tools, rubbish, camping gear, water etc.

	Umbrella: By adding a semi-permanent upright tube, a parasol/pub umbrella can be added to act as a mobile shelter from the rain or 		sun.

	Jenny (The generator): Adding an inverter will allow us to power 230v stuff on the move, and combined with the alternators will 	effectively turn the rig into a mobile generator.

	Winston (The server): A most likely RPi based server would allow easy access and control of the various modules and on board systems. 		In future this could include a mobile media server, and be engineered to work in tandem with the other computer based modules and PA.

	Chatterbox: A wireless router - whether this is broadcast by the onboard server as an adapter, or as a separate device, this would 		allow a mobile network to be setup, for whatever purpose. Examples include a mobile wifi hotspot, or a base station for phone based 		communications.

	PA: What it sounds like. A simple mixer, microphone and speakers (powered or with amp). Powered either from the inverter or directly 		somehow. Could take an output from Winston to play music from the server, or possibly act as an airplay speaker.

	


	
	


	
Software:


Self shutdown + one button powerup:
	Use similar system to the tag board. Program wheels to lock beforehand?

Safety cutout relay
	Relay held on by microcontroller - 12v systems can only power up when certain conditions are met. Although at first glance there may be no 		need for this, it is simple enough to implement and gives the option of adding additional safety features later.

Emergency stop
	A little costly, but worth doing? A simple big red button on the back of the vehicle, just in case.

Control: A web GUI might serve as a simple way to turn on and off various lights and features?



