New file for safety concerns and systems

The device will be reasonably heavy and if it moves at the speeds we intend it to, it needs to be clever enough not to run over and blend anyone it comes across.


Software speed limiter

Geofencing
	Would depend on accuracy and cost of GPS. Would need resetting for each new location.
	Don't think the machine 'escaping' is the biggest issue.

Emergency Stop Button - DONE
	Costly but could be worthwhile. Easy enough to implement. - Because current implementation cuts power, the electronic brake in the new motors is engaged on E-stop aswell. IN addition, we are working on an "ALL STOP" command for the web interface. 

Impact detection
	Simple microswitch operated spring bar on the front of the machine. Has the potential to be quite destructive to the switch if not 		constructed properly. Probably not the best option. Consider using an IMU to achieve impact detection through shock to accelerometer?

Proximity Detection
	A beam of light could be a more rugged crash detector, but driving through tall grass could be an issue with each blade breaking the 		beam.

One-time key activation - DONE
	The machine is turned on by an industrial key switch. Once on, the key can be removed, meaning if the machine is stopped or shut down it cannot be restarted without the key. Useful for "lending" it to people.
	

Kill switch tether
	
Radio kill switch - DONE, see below
	An inexpensive radio transmitter which reliably changes state when signal is lost or intermittent could be a good way of disabling 		the machine quickly if the main control transmitter fails for any reason.

	The internet suggests that some Spektrum RC receivers include a failsafe feature which would essentially solve all our problems by 		automagically switching output to a predefined state in the event of signal loss. Got a spektrum receiver. This feature has been implemented. Currently the vehicle stops when no signal is present. 

Control software adds support for halting the drive (engaging the brakes) and killing the whole machine (brakes engage here too) remotely from within wifi range. This is not a suitable "emergency" measure as it's not desperately fast to access a webpage, but nonetheless works in the event that the machine needs to be shutdown from a distance for whatever reason. 

The same software now allows the drive speed to be scaled, providing an effective training system, or a low speed manouvering mode for indoor use/use near young children etc.

Headlights now add a visual warning of the machine aswell, but must be activated manually.
